[Music]
when you get beneath the snout of one of
these huge blasters you begin to
appreciate the immense power and size of
the Antarctic ice machine the ice here
tars a hundred feet above me and the old
front of the gas here is about two miles
across but this is a small vessel the
largest glacier in Antarctica in the
world is the Lambert massive and that's
25 miles across but this is not a place
where you want to linger the gas here
moves forward at the rate of about
two-thirds of a mile a year and the
front end is continually breaking away
to form icebergs and if one came down
now well the surge could easily overturn
small boat
[Music]
you